docs(review): docs review (#1779)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/manage-database-instance-pgadmin4/index.mdx

8. The installation tool asks for a password for the pgAdmin user. Enter it and press **Enter**:
9. Confirm the installation of pgadmin by pressing `y` when prompted. The basic installation of pgAdmin is complete now.

### Securing the connection using TLS

> By default, connections to the application are being made using an insecure HTTP connection. It is recommended to configure a HTTPS connection to encrypt the traffic between your Instance and your computer. To do so, you should setup an **A-Record** within your domain name and install [Certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/) to obtain a free Let's Encrypt TSL/SSL certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, connections to the application are being made using an insecure HTTP connection. It is recommended to configure an HTTPS connection to encrypt the traffic between your Instance and your computer. To do so, you should set up an **A-Record** within your domain name and install [Certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/) to obtain a free Let's Encrypt TSL/SSL certificate:
```

    * **Background:** You can configure a background color for the Instance
    * **Foreground:** You can set a foreground color for the Instance
    * **Connect now:** Tick this box to connect to the Instance once the configuration is completed
    * **Comments:** You may add additional comments to the Instance
5. Click the **Connection** tab of the create server window and enter the connection details of your Database Instance:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-pgadmin_create_connection.webp" alt="" />

   * **Host name/address**: Enter the IP address of your Database Instance, displayed on the database information page of your Instance.
   * **Port:** Enter the port of your Database Instance. This information is available from the database information page of your Instance.
   * **Maintenance database:** Enter the information of your default database here. With default configuration this value shall be `rdb`.
   * **Username**: Enter the username for your database. You can find this information in the users tab of your Database Instance in the Scaleway console.
   * **Save Password:** Tick this box to save your database password in pgAdmin

> 6. Click the **SSL** panel and upload the SSL certificate available from the database information page of your [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com/rdb/). By default pgAdmin will negociate a SSL connection without checking the CA (this is the postgresql behaviour).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click the **SSL** panel and upload the SSL certificate available from the database information page of your [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com/rdb/). By default pgAdmin will negotiate an SSL connection without checking the CA (this is the PostgreSQL behavior).
```
